9/24/2022
I've gotten to a point where I can create items kind of but it's tedious making them because I need to create dictionaries. So I will make a small Tkinter application to help
create items.
I think I just wasted my time.

9/28/2022
    I've been thinking about the game and I want to have a randomly generated world in the game but I just want those randomly generated content be optional and I don't know a
    way to save generated content in this but I want to use noise so I'll make a test.

9/29/2022
    This project is getting more chaotic and I need to fix that problem so I'm going to wright down what I want.

    Do's
    battle simulator
    over world map
    Perlin noise terrain generation
    SQL save data

    Don't
    Character Creator
    item Creator
    party Creator

9/30/2022
    I started making the SQL save manager but I started getting frustrated because I'm trying to solve several none existent problems that will happen.
        Predicted problems:
            How will I get the character's proficiencies
                solution - just make another table
            How will I save the player's data. I.E money, current map
                create a table for game data like user_data
            Updating save games, mostly updating
                solve it when it happens
            saving map data
                solve it when it happens

10/4/2022
    I'm getting stuck trying to find a way to give items to the allies and I hope I can use this to clear everything
        So for my load function I want to get the data from the allies and combine it with the data from the data in Skills so I can have proficiencies
        The problem is that I want to make sure that items are given to the right ally if they have them equipped
        The items can be in either
            Storage
            Inventory
            ally
        The important one is the ally table because it contains all of the items an ally is wearing
        each ally has four equip slots
            head
            body
            legs
            weapon
        so I just need to do a for loop on all of the allies which sounds really difficult.. not really but seems inefficiency
        so I think the best thing to do is to create two lists for Inventory and Storage so that those are put up easily
        the ally table is the hard part because to make it easy to use is by creating a dictary where the id is used as the key but the value is a equipment 
        item class object
        I.E 
            {1 : Base_item(stuff)}
        this will at least get things ready

10/8/2022
    I've gotten the json data funtion done but now I'm getting frustrated
        1. How do I make sure that the code can find the file and create one if it's not their
            to do this I'll need to redo how the create and load funtions work and make theme more simple kind of.
            I will seperate the load funtions and create funtions into their own funtions so that they can be called if they don't exist

    I've got hit by a stand still because I've noticed a big problem with the connection between the characters and equipped items
    All of these classes have a id that can be none which is not good when creating connections.
    the player class is the one that uses an id to connect weapons to it so the weapon or item needs a way to get an id for sql to use.
    the only way I can think of getting an id for a weapon is to have sql create a list of id's and use that to find the next id to use.
    so it would be something like
        select id from items order by id desc
        list of nums =  fetchall
        list of nums = [0, 1, 2, 3, 4]
        this will also work for 

    I completed the auto id thibng but I found out that data is stored differently um let me explain
    when importing, you are basicly making a clone of the data and saving that clone within the confines of the file so if you have two files 
    importing you are just creating two clones of the same file but those clones can not comunicate with each other so my auto incrementer doesn't work.
    I think the best way to fix this problem is to make a way to stoere the used ids so that the code can use them.
    I can't use a json file to do that becasue that's alot of opeing and closing and updating a single file and I want to keep that a minimum so I need to create
    a way in a player class that can keep that data inside or store it in the party class.

10/14/2022
    I'm starting to make the combat test for the game but I have no idea of how to approach this issue
    I want to create 4 basic actions that a player can use, attack, defend, use item, and run
    but each of these has their own sub actions except for defend
    I need a way to know which action a player wants to take and from their I can just use those subactions to make a move
    so just a mode to manage sub actions

10/15/2022
    I'm finaly going to add anemeis into the game but I need a way to add them to the field but that would include a rect of each
    and it would be unique for each.
    I think the best way to do this is to make a create enemy funtion that makes a clone of the enemy and places them on the rectangle

10/16/2022
    I'm getting very frustrated with how this action funtion is working and I need to complety redo how I make those actions
    I need to make a funtion that goes through all of the actions and subactions to see if they can be done then create buttons around that
        create a list of usable actions and buttons that grey out when unable to be used